SRVLOGIC-138: [Docs] Update OpenShift Serverless Logic for DP6 release (#94)
openshift-knative/docs: modules/serverless-logic/pages/integrations/custom-functions-knative.adoc

--

== Sending as CloudEvent

> Knative functions support https://github.com/knative/func/blob/main/docs/function-templates/quarkus.md#invocation-parameters[CloudEvent as the message protocol]. {context} can create and post CloudEvent messages in `functionRef`. For more information see xref:core/custom-functions-support.adoc#sending-cloudevents[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knative functions support https://github.com/knative/func/blob/main/docs/function-templates/quarkus.md#invocation-parameters[CloudEvent as the message protocol]. {product_name} can create and post CloudEvent messages in `functionRef`. For more information see xref:core/custom-functions-support.adoc#sending-cloudevents[]
```
